In this challenge, you were tasked with wrapping
logic that existed into try-catch blocks.
There are lots of different solutions you could have found to these challenges,
but here I'll give some of mine just so that you can see an example.
For instance, for this first challenge,
my solution looked something like this.
I've taken the bulk of the code and wrapped it in the try
and then created some error handling around that functionality,
where I'm sending an error to the console as well as
a console log message that could also act
as an alert for the user if that were necessary.
You can see that when I run this code and look
for the critically endangered animals which do
exist in this list that I get back the list that I expected.
But if instead I tried to look for extinct animals which don't exist in this list,
then when I run this code,
you can see that I get the error printed just like I wanted,
and then I also get my message at the very end.
This is one example of how you could wrap this logic in a try-catch block.
Here's an example solution for the second challenge.
Here, I've separated this out into a try catch,
and I've noted which animal there was a problem fetching.
When I run the code,
you can see that I get each animal with the correct message
based on whether they do exist in the list or if they do not.
For the last part of this challenge,
I decided to use the finally method as well as the try and catch.
Here I put the bulk of the logic into the try statement.
But whether the animal is found or not,
we still want to tell the user which animal they searched for.
So I decided that that worked well.
in a finally clause.
You can see that if we run this code,
I get mouse was searched even though mouse does not exist in our list of animals.
Hopefully all of these challenges just gave you a better sense for what things
would belong in a try versus in a catch versus in a finally statement.
You'll get the chance to see more of these later on in the Async/Await lesson